Package: packsquash
Version: 0.4.0-1
Architecture: amd64
Vcs-Browser: https://github.com/ComunidadAylas/PackSquash
Vcs-Git: https://github.com/ComunidadAylas/PackSquash
Maintainer: Alejandro González <me@alegon.dev>
Installed-Size: 8660
Depends: libc6 (>= 2.29)
Priority: optional
Section: utils
Filename: pool/main/p/packsquash/packsquash_0.4.0-1_amd64.deb
Size: 2541036
SHA256: 298ebe21f6c6295b252b5ab0c6b5023430977a92b6dd02c11db3b556a960af3a
SHA1: b8198ec578a8f3e1f4f5b99a6900dad47ff27681
MD5sum: b846d9f4bb8b21efcba8d3d5f81bb76e
Description: Minecraft resource and data pack optimizer (CLI)
 A Minecraft: Java Edition resource and data pack optimizer which aims to
 achieve the best possible compression, performance, and protection, improving
 pack distribution, storage, and in-game load times. Anecdotal evidence shows
 that, with the default options, version v0.2.1 was capable of reducing the size
 of the Witchcraft & Wizardary resource pack ZIP file by Floo Network (version
 1.6.2) from 118 MiB to 57 MiB, a 51.69% size reduction, and it got better over
 time.
 .
 🔎 Overview
 .
 PackSquash walks through the pack files that it recognizes in a directory,
 applies per-file configurable lossy and lossless compression techniques, and
 builds a ZIP file that can be directly used by the game. Currently, PackSquash
 can apply the following specific techniques:
 .
 * For PNG images: color quantization to generate a color palette, lossless bit
   depth, compression and color type reduction, metadata removal, and downsizing
   of single-color textures. The quantization, although it is pretty subtle or
   even unneeded for common texture sizes, can be disabled if lossless quality
   is desired. Downsizing can also be turned off. Some of these optimizations
   are done by the well-known imagequant (used in pngquant) and oxipng
   libraries.
 * For Ogg (.ogg and .oga), MP3, M4A, FLAC, and WAV files: channel mixing,
   downsampling, transcoding with a state-of-the-art Vorbis encoder, pitch
   shifting, tag removal, and two-pass optimization and validation with
   OptiVorbis. The default settings are meant to be good enough for in-game
   music, such that most listeners will think that the quality is good and not
   distracting. Because channel mixing may change how the Minecraft sound engine
   computes positional effects (see MC-146721), PackSquash won't do it by
   default.
 * For JSON files (.json, .jsonc, .mcmeta and .mcmetac; if OptiFine mod support
   is enabled, also .jem, .jemc, .jpm and .jpmc): minification, by removing
   unneeded whitespace. As a side bonus, because minification requires parsing
   first, PackSquash also acts as a strict JSON file validator. Comments are the
   only syntax extension accepted, and they are discarded by default, although
   they can be rejected too in files whose extension does not end with a "c"
   letter. The validation done doesn't catch all the possible errors that might
   confuse Minecraft.
 * For shader files (.vsh, .fsh and .glsl): minification, by removing unneeded
   whitespace, and resolution and expansion of preprocessor directives. As with
   JSON files, PackSquash will perform basic validation on them. Please note
   that due to limitations in the current design of PackSquash some shaders may
   require tweaking. These limitations will be addressed in the future.
 * For legacy language files (.lang; used in Minecraft 1.12.2 and lower):
   minification, removing blank lines and comments. Duplicate keys and non-blank
   lines that are not comments and do not contain a key-value separator are
   treated as errors, which helps catch mistakes and keep your files tidy.
 * For OptiFine properties files (Java .properties; only if OptiFine mod support
   is enabled): minification, by removing unneeded whitespace. As with JSON
   files, performing minification requires parsing the file, so PackSquash will
   show basic validation errors.
 * For BlockBench model files (.bbmodel; only if Minecraft Transit Railway 3
   support is enabled): minification, by removing unneeded whitespace and keys.
   The minification might also improve privacy, as some keys containing
   environment-specific metadata are removed.
 .
 In addition to these techniques, the files that are not already compressed by
 design (namely, Ogg and PNG files) are losslessly compressed using the Zopfli
 algorithm, which is a state-of-the-art DEFLATE encoder made by Google. It is
 tuned for very high space savings at the cost of performance whilst being
 compatible with every DEFLATE decoder. For even higher savings, it is possible
 to compress already compressed files and increase the number of compression
 iterations, although this slows down the process significantly. Conversely, if
 lower savings are acceptable in exchange for faster execution, it is possible
 to reduce the number of compression iterations or skip it altogether.
 .
 PackSquash is also capable of doing the following things, although they are
 disabled by default because they require informed decisions to be made by the
 user:
 .
 * Reusing the ZIP files it previously generated to skip compressing files that
   did not change between executions, vastly speeding it up for incremental
   workflows, where only a few files change each time.
 * Deduplicating identical files within the generated ZIP file: the contents of
   files repeated several times over will be stored only once.
 * Protecting the generated ZIP files, making them harder to read by most ZIP
   manipulation programs.
 .
 🔗 Download and usage
 .
 PackSquash is a command-line application distributed for a bunch of operating
 systems and environments. Check out the getting started guide for details on
 how to begin your journey with PackSquash.
 .
 Alternatively, you might be interested in third-party frontends for PackSquash,
 such as:
 .
 * Quiver, a resource pack creator and manager. At the time of writing, Quiver
   is using an older, unsupported version of PackSquash, so it may not be
   representative of the experience with current versions. If you have the time,
   will, and know-how, you might want to help this project update its
   integration!
 .
 ✉️ Contact and support
 .
 As the license says, this software is provided without any warranty, with the
 hope that you find it useful. But that doesn't mean I don't welcome
 constructive feedback, suggestions, congratulations, or assisting you on your
 use of PackSquash (if I can and want to). If you wish to drop me a line for
 whatever reason related to PackSquash, you can contact me on Discord:
 alextmjugador.
 .
 You can also join the Discord server of our community, Comunidad Aylas, which
 has dedicated spaces to welcome English-language PackSquash chat and support,
 among other topics. Don't forget to introduce yourself!
 .
 🎁 Sponsoring
 .
 You can use all of PackSquash for free for whatever you want and will always be
 able to. One of the things I enjoy the most about making free software is the
 feeling that I'm doing something good and useful for others. With that said,
 PackSquash is arguably innovative, and some things were only possible to
 implement thanks to original knowledge of Minecraft internals acquired via
 static analysis of its deobfuscated code, which is an activity that is commonly
 referred to as reverse engineering. This is time-consuming, and engineers in
 companies get paid for doing these kinds of things. If you want to say "thank
 you" in a way that words can't describe or motivate me to stay committed to the
 project and advance in the roadmap, sending me some money would be a great way
 to do so! You can choose any of the platforms shown below:
 .
                          Buy me a coffee at ko-fi.com
 .
                              Donate via PayPal.me
 .
 In principle, I will use any funds I receive for personal spending. However, I
 may decide to introduce sponsor tiers and perks (retroactively, benefiting
 those who sponsored the project before they got introduced too), add more
 payment methods, share the funds with other high-profile contributors, or use
 them for donations and campaigns. I will be transparent about any major
 decisions I make about this, communicating them in public announcements.

