Package: packsquash
Version: 0.3.0-3
Architecture: arm64
Vcs-Browser: https://github.com/ComunidadAylas/PackSquash
Vcs-Git: https://github.com/ComunidadAylas/PackSquash
Maintainer: Alejandro González <AlexTMjugador@users.noreply.github.com>
Installed-Size: 3390
Depends: libglib2.0-0 (>= 2.31.8), libgstreamer-plugins-base1.0-0 (>= 1.10.0), libc6 (>= 2.27), libgstreamer1.0-0 (>= 1.0.0), gstreamer1.0-plugins-bad (>= 1.14.0), gstreamer1.0-plugins-base (>= 1.14.0), gstreamer1.0-plugins-good (>= 1.14.0)
Priority: optional
Section: utils
Filename: pool/main/p/packsquash/packsquash_0.3.0-3_arm64.deb
Size: 1068736
SHA256: 713c6b34560d0727e46253b5515896a9b3a6f0f0e28533e507e070c44539a9f5
SHA1: 74f85cdb4787b6d071f5ca8935dbe79cd3fac7ce
MD5sum: 6c5cdbf4e73d65a28cc61319fc895966
Description: Minecraft resource and data pack optimizer
 A Minecraft resource and data pack optimizer which aims to achieve the best
 possible compression, performance and protection, improving pack distribution,
 storage and in-game load times. Anecdotal evidence shows that, with the default
 options, version v0.2.1 was capable of reducing the size of the Witchcraft &
 Wizardary resource pack ZIP file by Floo Network (version 1.6.2) from 118 MiB
 to 57 MiB, a 51.69% size reduction, and it got better over time.
 .
 🔎 How does it work?
 .
 PackSquash walks through the pack files that it recognizes in a directory,
 applying per-file configurable lossy and lossless compression techniques, and
 builds a ZIP file with the results that can be directly used by Minecraft.
 Currently, PackSquash can apply the following techniques:
 .
 * For PNG images: color quantization to generate a color palette, coupled with
   lossless bit depth, compression and color type reduction, and metadata
   removal. The quantization, although it is pretty subtle or even unneeded for
   common texture sizes, can be disabled if lossless quality is desired. These
   operations are performed by the well known imagequant (used in pngquant) and
   oxipng libraries.
 * For Ogg (.ogg and .oga), MP3, Opus, FLAC and WAV files: channel mixing,
   resampling, transcoding, pitch shifting and tag removal. The default settings
   are meant to be good enough for in-game music, such that most listeners will
   think that the quality is good and not distracting. Because channel mixing
   may change how the Minecraft sound engine computes positional effects (see
   MC-146721), PackSquash won't do it by default.
 * For JSON files (.json, .jsonc and .mcmeta; if OptiFine mod support is
   enabled, also .jem and .jpm): minification, by removing unneeded whitespace.
   As a side bonus, because minification requires parsing first, PackSquash also
   acts as a strict JSON file validator, which also accepts and discards
   comments. However, it doesn't catch errors that are not against the JSON
   format but can confuse Minecraft.
 * For shader files (.vsh and .fsh): minification, by removing unneeded
   whitespace. As with JSON files, PackSquash will perform basic validation on
   them.
 * For Java property files (.properties; only if OptiFine mod support is
   enabled): minification, by removing unneeded whitespace. As with JSON files,
   performing minification requires parsing the file, so PackSquash will show
   basic validation errors.
 .
 In addition to these techniques, the files that are not already compressed by
 design (namely, Ogg and PNG files) are losslessly compressed using the Zopfli
 algorithm, which is a state of the art DEFLATE encoder made by Google. It is
 tuned for very high space savings at the cost of performance, whilst being
 compatible with every DEFLATE decoder. For even higher savings it is possible
 to try to compress already compressed files and increase the number of
 compression iterations, although this slows down the process significantly.
 Conversely, if lower savings are acceptable in exchange for faster execution,
 it is possible to reduce the number of compression iterations or skip it
 altogether.
 .
 PackSquash is also capable of doing the following things, although they are
 disabled by default because they require informed decisions to be made by the
 user:
 .
 * Reusing the ZIP files it previously generated to skip compressing files that
   did not change between executions, which vastly speeds up its execution for
   incremental workflows, where only a few files change each time.
 * Deduplicating identical files within the generated ZIP file. This means that
   the contents of files that are repeated several times over will be stored
   only once.
 * Protecting the generated ZIP files, making them harder to read by most ZIP
   manipulation programs.
 .
 🔗 Download and installation
 .
 If you are using a Debian-like Linux distro (Debian, Ubuntu, etc.), the
 recommended way to install PackSquash is via our APT repository, because it
 makes the process much more easier, better integrated with your package
 management programs and more convenient to stay updated, should you choose to
 do so. Please refer to the installation guide for details.
 .
 Alternatively, for other operating systems, or when you can't use our APT
 repository for some reason, you can download the executable for the latest
 stable release from GitHub Releases.
 .
 Finally, if you are into these sort of things, you can download the latest
 unstable build from GitHub Actions, or build the source yourself.
 .
 📝 Usage
 .
 PackSquash is a command line application, so it must be executed from a command
 prompt, a shortcut, a command-line shell or a script. You can customize how it
 works by means of an options file, which contains per-file compression options
 and several other parameters. If no options file is specified, or if it is a
 dash ("-"), the options will be read from the standard input stream (usually,
 your keyboard or the output of another command). If in doubt, you can check out
 the command line argument syntax by launching PackSquash with the -h parameter.
 .
 For more information about the format of the options file, check the Options
 files wiki article on GitHub.
 .
 If you want a GUI for using PackSquash, or even authoring resource packs in
 general, you may want to try out the Quiver project, which is a third-party
 resource pack creator and manager for Minecraft that integrates with
 PackSquash. Just install PackSquash dependencies, open the resource pack
 folder, tweak the options file if you need to, and enjoy!
 .
 ✉️ Contact and support
 .
 Like the license says, this software is provided without any warranty, with the
 hope that you find it useful. But that doesn't mean I don't welcome
 constructive feedback, suggestions, congratulations or assisting you on your
 usage of PackSquash (if I can and want to). If you wish to drop me a line for
 whatever reason related to PackSquash, you can contact me on Discord:
 AlexTMjugador#5124.
 .
 Also, if you speak Spanish, you may find that Comunidad Aylas, our Spanish-
 speaking community, suits you well. You can join us on Discord. Don't forget to
 introduce yourself!
 .
 🎁 Sponsoring
 .
 You can use all of PackSquash for free for whatever you want, and will always
 be able to. One of the things I enjoy the most of making free software is the
 feeling that I'm doing something good and useful for others. With that said,
 PackSquash is arguably innovative, and some things were only possible to
 implement thanks to original knowledge of Minecraft internals acquired via
 static analysis of its deobfuscated code, which is an activity that is commonly
 referred to as reverse engineering. This is time consuming, and engineers in
 companies get paid for doing this kind of things. If you want to say "thank
 you" in a way that words can't describe, or motivate me to stay committed to
 the project and advance in the roadmap, sending me some money would be a nice
 way to do so! You can choose any of the platforms shown below:
 .
                          Buy me a coffee at ko-fi.com
 .
                              Donate via PayPal.me
 .
 Any funds I receive will be used for personal spending, but if I see that there
 is some economic interest in my work, I may decide, after making a public
 announcement, to establish some tiers and perks (retroactively, benefiting
 those who sponsored the project before they got introduced too), add more
 payment methods, or use them for donations and funding campaigns.

